h1. Searchbox

Fork of a jQuery plugin that turns any textbox into a live search, or a "searchbox".

- merged in "Searchbox character option":https://github.com/mrcsparker/searchbox by mrcsparker
- merged in "Add multi-instance support":https://github.com/frne/searchbox by frne
- added support for "Mustache":https://github.com/janl/mustache.js templates
- the element (dom_id) will be dynamically cleared if no results are found

h3. Usage

<pre><code>$('input.search').searchbox()</code></pre>

That's it, really. There are a few configuration options:

* <code>url</code> - search parameters will be appended to this url (default: '/search/')
* <code>dom_id</code> - the element that gets updated with the results (default: '#results')
* <code>delay</code> - the keystroke delay (default: 100 ms)
* <code>loading_css</code> - the css for an ajax spinner/loading bar (default: '#loading')
* <code>characters</code> - minimum number of characters (default: 3)
* <code>template</code> - optional Mustache template

So, customizing each config option might look like this:

<pre><code>$('input.search').searchbox({
  url: '/live-search/',
  dom_id: '#thumbnails',
  delay: 250,
  loading_css: '#spinner',
  characters: 4,
  template: '#searchTemplate'
})</code></pre>

h3. Hooks

There are a few places you can hook into the plugin by binding a function to specific events. Here are the events:

* <code>init.searchbox</code> - triggered once when the plugin code executes
* <code>before.searchbox</code> - triggered right before the search is performed
* <code>after.searchbox</code> - triggered right after the search completes

Here's an example of how to make use of them:

<pre><code>$(document).bind('init.searchbox', function() { ... })</code></pre>

h3. Optional Mustache templates

A basic Mustache template:

<pre><code><script id="searchTemplate" type="text/template">
  {{#results}}
    <a href="{{ url }}">{{ title }}</a>
  {{/results}}
</script></code></pre>

Template id passed to the plugin:

<pre><code><script type="text/javascript">
  $(document).ready(function () {
    $('#search form input').searchbox({
      template: '#searchTemplate'
    })
  });
</script></code></pre>

Results must be returned as JSON from the server:

<pre><code>{"results": [
  {"url":"http://www.github.com","title":"GitHub"},
  {"url":"http://www.google.com","title":"Google"},
  {"url":"http://www.jquery.com","title":"jquery.com"}
]}</code></pre>

h3. License

(c) 2009 Ryan Heath, released under the MIT license